Update sql-data-warehouse-manage-monitor_improve_blocking_query_lilem.md (#92425)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/sql-data-warehouse/sql-data-warehouse-manage-monitor.md

    nbr_files desc,
    gb_processed desc;
```
## Monitor Query blockings

> The following query provides the top 500 blocked queries in the environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Monitor query blockings

The following query provides the top 500 blocked queries in the environment. 
```

```sql

--Collect the top blocking

> select top 500 A.request_id as WaitingRequestId,
> 	A.object_type as LockRequestType,
> 	A.object_name as ObjectLockRequestName,
> 	A.request_time as ObjectLockRequestTime,
> 	B.session_id as BlockingSessionId,
> 	B.request_id as BlockingRequestId
> from sys.dm_pdw_waits A, sys.dm_pdw_waits B
> where A.object_type = B.object_type 
>      and A.object_name = B.object_name 
> 	   and A.state = 'Queued' 
>      and B.state = 'Granted'
> order by ObjectLockRequestTime asc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT 
    TOP 500 waiting.request_id AS WaitingRequestId,
    waiting.object_type AS LockRequestType,
    waiting.object_name AS ObjectLockRequestName,
    waiting.request_time AS ObjectLockRequestTime,
    blocking.session_id AS BlockingSessionId,
    blocking.request_id AS BlockingRequestId
FROM 
    sys.dm_pdw_waits waiting
    INNER JOIN sys.dm_pdw_waits blocking
    ON waiting.object_type = blocking.object_type 
    AND waiting.object_name = blocking.object_name 
WHERE 
    waiting.state = 'Queued' 
    AND blocking.state = 'Granted'
ORDER BY 
    ObjectLockRequestTime ASC;
```
